get married
With who?
The girl who rescued me on the side of the road last time
Before I passed out?
I specially gave her the jade bracelet you gave me.
Wear it haha
I felt a huge aura approaching me.
My aura is late
Mr. Shen, you are back.
Tell me who you are
I am Xuanxuzi's most proud disciple
The future head of Xuanmen
wizard
Not a wizard
It's Xuanmen Kundao
I'm awesome
That's nerves.
Don't go, the aura is not full yet
Mr. and Mrs. Shen are now critically ill
Only I can save him
Just let me stay
let go
Mr. Shen, let me stay
Mr. Shen, it's okay if you don't believe me.
You take this red rope with you.
If anything happens to you
He can protect you for me
Xiaoyu drives